The image is a graphic design with a solid red background. At the center, there is a text that reads "Happy lunar new year 2022" in a stylized font with a golden hue. The text is the focal point of the image. Above the text, there are three decorative elements resembling Chinese lanterns or lantern-like structures, each with a different design and hanging from what appears to be a string or chain. Below the text, there are three golden flowers or floral motifs, also evenly spaced. The overall design is simple and uses a limited color palette, with the golden elements providing a contrast against the red background. The style of the image suggests it is a greeting or a celebratory message for the Lunar New Year in 2022. BREAK
The image you've provided is a solid, uniform red color. There are no texts, objects, or other elements visible in the image. It's a simple, plain red background with no additional details or context. BREAK
The image contains the word "Happy" in a large, bold, and slightly italicized font. The text is colored in a gradient of yellow and orange, giving it a warm and cheerful appearance. The background of the image is black, which contrasts with the vibrant colors of the text, making it stand out prominently. The style of the image is simple and straightforward, focusing solely on the word "Happy" without any additional elements or context. BREAK
The image contains the text "lunar new year" written in a cursive, stylized font. The text is in a bold, yellow color that stands out against the black background. The font has a playful and festive appearance, which is often associated with celebrations and special occasions. The text is centered in the image, and there are no other objects or elements present. The style of the image is simple and straightforward, focusing solely on the text and its message. BREAK
The image features a stylized emblem or logo. At the center, there is a large, circular element that resembles a crown or a dome. This central figure is flanked by two smaller, rectangular shapes that could be interpreted as wings or banners. Below the central element, there is a decorative knot or tassel, which adds to the emblematic design. The entire image is rendered in a limited color palette, primarily consisting of shades of orange and gold, which gives it a regal or ceremonial appearance. The style of the image is graphic and appears to be designed for a specific purpose, such as a coat of arms, a logo for an organization, or a symbol for a particular event or institution. BREAK
The image features a stylized emblem or logo. At the center of the emblem is a large, circular element that resembles a crown or a halo, with a series of concentric circles creating a sense of depth. Above this central element, there is a smaller, rectangular shape that could be interpreted as a banner or a sign. Below the central circle, there is a decorative knot or tassel, which adds a decorative and possibly symbolic element to the design. The entire emblem is outlined with a thin line, giving it a defined and structured appearance. The color scheme is monochromatic, with the emblem rendered in a single color against a contrasting background. The style of the emblem is simplistic and graphic, with a clear and bold design that is likely intended to convey a sense of authority, prestige, or honor. BREAK
The image features a stylized, abstract design that resembles a key. The key has a simple, geometric shape with a loop at the top and a handle at the bottom. The design is monochromatic, with the key rendered in a single color, possibly orange or a similar hue, against a dark background. The key's design is minimalistic, with no intricate details or additional elements. The overall style of the image is modern and clean, with a focus on the key's shape and color. BREAK
The image features a stylized emblem or logo. At the center, there is a large, circular shape that could be interpreted as a sun or a moon, with a horizontal line bisecting it. Below this central figure, there is a smaller, intricate design that resembles a flower or a decorative knot, adding a sense of detail and craftsmanship to the emblem. The entire design is rendered in a warm, golden color, which stands out against the dark background. The style of the image is reminiscent of traditional or heraldic designs, often used for coats of arms, flags, or other symbols of identity or authority. BREAK
The image features a stylized, golden flower with a symmetrical design. The flower has multiple petals that are evenly spaced and arranged in a circular pattern around the center. The petals are elongated and have a smooth, curved shape. At the center of the flower, there is a cluster of small, round elements that resemble seeds or beads. The overall color scheme is a warm, golden hue, which gives the image a metallic and shiny appearance. The background of the image is not visible, as the focus is solely on the flower. The style of the image is graphic and appears to be a digital illustration or a logo rather than a photograph of a real flower. BREAK
The image displays a stylized, graphic representation of a flower. The flower is depicted with a golden hue, featuring a central, circular shape that could be interpreted as the flower's center or pistil. Surrounding this central shape are multiple, smaller, circular elements that resemble the flower's stamens or seeds. These smaller circles are evenly spaced and arranged symmetrically around the central circle. The petals of the flower are shown as elongated, curved shapes that radiate outward from the center, creating a symmetrical and balanced appearance. The overall design is simple and appears to be a digital or vector illustration rather than a photograph of a real flower. BREAK
The image contains the number "2022" in a bold, sans-serif font. The number is presented in a large, blocky style with a gradient that transitions from a darker shade at the top to a lighter shade at the bottom. The background is not visible, as the focus is solely on the number. The style of the image is simple and graphic, with no additional elements or context provided. BREAK
The image shows a collection of three golden, shell-like objects that resemble tortilla shells or possibly some kind of decorative elements. They are arranged in a triangular formation, with one shell at the top and two at the bottom, creating a sense of balance and symmetry. The shells have a smooth, shiny surface, and they are colored in a uniform golden hue. There are no texts or additional elements visible in the image. The style of the image is a simple, flat graphic with a focus on the objects themselves. BREAK

Steps: 20, Sampler: DPM++ 2M Karras, CFG scale: 5, Seed: 1234, Size: 1024x1024, Model hash: a928fee35b, Model: albedobaseXL_v20, RP Active: True, RP Divide mode: Matrix, RP Matrix submode: Columns, RP Mask submode: Mask, RP Prompt submode: Prompt, RP Calc Mode: Attention, RP Ratios: "1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1; 1,1", RP Base Ratios: 0.0, RP Use Base: True, RP Use Common: False, RP Use Ncommon: False, RP Options: [False], RP LoRA Neg Te Ratios: 0, RP LoRA Neg U Ratios: 0, RP threshold: 0.4, RP LoRA Stop Step: 0, RP LoRA Hires Stop Step: 0, RP Flip: False, RP Use Layer: True, RP Bboxes: [[0, 0, 64, 64], [27, 29, 29, 34], [30, 22, 33, 41], [3, 41, 12, 46], [3, 17, 12, 22], [3, 37, 8, 40], [3, 23, 8, 25], [59, 12, 63, 19], [59, 45, 63, 51], [34, 30, 36, 33], [58, 26, 63, 36]]